README.md, before:

# Workshop 1.6: Pipe Dreams

In this workshop you will apply the propagation laws for the mean and variance for a function of two independent random variables. You will assess how well the approximations correspond with the <em>simulation-based</em> equivalents. You will also assess the distribution of the function.

### Objectives

1. Observe how uncertainty "propagates" from the inputs to the output of a function by estimating moments of the function of random variables and seeing how they change relative to the moments of the input random variables.
2. Recognize that a non-linear function of random variables that have the (joint) Normal distribution (the inputs) produces a non-Normal random variable (the output).
3. Using _sampling_ (Monte Carlo Simulation) to _validate_ the linearized error propagation technique introduced in the textbook. Specifically, by:
   1. Comparing the estimated moments with that of the sample, and
   2. Comparing the Normal distribution defined by the estimated moments to the sample


> By Lotfi Massarweh and Sandra Verhagen, Delft University of Technology. CC BY 4.0, more info on the Credits page of Workbook.

Commit message:

Update README with assignment preview links
Added links for assignment preview and solutions.

README.md, after:

# Workshop 1.6: Pipe Dreams

You can preview this assignment on https://mude.citg.tudelft.nl/workbook-2025/assignments/WS1.6/README.html. After the deadline, this link will include solutions. The preview of the assignment version is shared here: https://mude.citg.tudelft.nl/workbook-2025/no_solutions/assignments/WS1.6/README.html. Pages can be downloaded as `.md` and `.ipynb` files to your computer.

In this workshop you will apply the propagation laws for the mean and variance for a function of two independent random variables. You will assess how well the approximations correspond with the <em>simulation-based</em> equivalents. You will also assess the distribution of the function.

### Objectives

1. Observe how uncertainty "propagates" from the inputs to the output of a function by estimating moments of the function of random variables and seeing how they change relative to the moments of the input random variables.
2. Recognize that a non-linear function of random variables that have the (joint) Normal distribution (the inputs) produces a non-Normal random variable (the output).
3. Using _sampling_ (Monte Carlo Simulation) to _validate_ the linearized error propagation technique introduced in the textbook. Specifically, by:
   1. Comparing the estimated moments with that of the sample, and
   2. Comparing the Normal distribution defined by the estimated moments to the sample


> By Lotfi Massarweh and Sandra Verhagen, Delft University of Technology. CC BY 4.0, more info on the Credits page of Workbook.
